README.md, before:

# Digital Logic Calculator

A web-based calculator for digital logic operations including basic gates, adders, subtractors, and comparators.

## Features

- Basic Logic Gates:
  - AND Gate
  - OR Gate
  - NOT Gate
  - NAND Gate
  - NOR Gate
  - XOR Gate

- Adders & Subtractors:
  - Half Adder
  - Full Adder
  - Half Subtractor
  - Full Subtractor

- Comparators:
  - 2-Bit Comparator

## Technologies Used

- Python (Flask)
- HTML5
- CSS3
- JavaScript
- Bootstrap 5
- Font Awesome

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/digital_logic_calculator.git
cd digital_logic_calculator
```

2. Install the required packages:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

3. Run the application:
```bash
python app.py
```

4. Open your browser and navigate to:
```
http://127.0.0.1:5000
```

## Usage

1. Select the desired operation from the dropdown menu
2. Input the required binary values using the radio buttons
3. Click "Calculate" to see the results
4. Results will be displayed in both binary and decimal format (where applicable)

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Authors

- Karan-2783
- Kartik-2785

Commit message:

Updated the readme file to match the new code base (changed flask to front end only based website)

README.md, after:

# Digital Logic Calculator

A web-based calculator for digital logic operations including basic gates, adders, subtractors, and comparators.

## Features

- **Basic Logic Gates**:
  - AND Gate
  - OR Gate
  - NOT Gate
  - NAND Gate
  - NOR Gate
  - XOR Gate

- **Adders & Subtractors**:
  - Half Adder
  - Full Adder
  - Half Subtractor
  - Full Subtractor

- **Comparators**:
  - 2-Bit Comparator

## Technologies Used

- HTML5
- CSS3
- JavaScript
- Bootstrap 5
- Font Awesome

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/digital_logic_calculator.git
   cd digital_logic_calculator
   ```

2. Open the `index.html` file in your browser:
   - On Windows, you can double-click the `index.html` file, or right-click and choose "Open with" > your preferred browser.

## Usage

1. Select the desired operation from the dropdown menu:
   - Basic Gates: AND, OR, NOT, NAND, NOR, XOR
   - Adders: Half Adder, Full Adder
   - Subtractors: Half Subtractor, Full Subtractor
   - Comparator: 2-Bit Comparator

2. Input the required binary values:
   - For basic gates, select binary inputs (A and B) using radio buttons.
   - For NOT Gate, only input A is required.
   - For Full Adder and Full Subtractor, an additional Carry/Borrow input is required.
   - For the 2-Bit Comparator, input two 2-bit binary numbers (A and B).

3. Click the **"Calculate"** button to see the results.

4. Results will be displayed in both binary and decimal format (where applicable).

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Authors

- Karan-2783
- Kartik-2785
